Registration
Assumptions
	A class must have a minimum of 4 for the class to proceed
	A separate instructor(s) is/are assigned to each class

Rule Description
	Multiple Classes on the same day at the same site (i.e. 2 classes on the same day at Aladdin Temp-Rite; course 1 and course 2)

Rules
	Both classes will have to be scheduled
	The second class will be hidden until the first class is full
	Course 1 will have capacity for 12 students
	Course 2 will have capacity for 11 students
	When the first class is full
		Display the second class to the public
		Show the first class as being full
	
Questions
	What happens when someone cancels from the first class that was previously full
		and there are less than 4 for the second class?
	How does the waiting list work (classes with less than 4 registered)?
	
DOB
If the entered birthdate (which then triggers an age calculation based on the date of the class selected):
If the person is turning 15 in less than a year
	Inform the user:
		1. A parent or guardian will need to sign a waiver form the morning of the class
		2. Parent must be onsite to sign
		3. The certificate cannot be used until the minor turns 15.

If the age is less than 15 and will not be 15 within a year
 		1. A parent or guardian will need to sign a waiver form the morning of the class
		2. Parent must be onsite to sign
		3. The certificate cannot be used until the minor turns 15.
		4. Need to speak to the parents before accepting the registration and collecting payment.
 		5. Report we receive should flag it.

If the age is less than 18 but greater than 15
	1. A parent or guardian will need to sign a waiver form the morning of the class
	2. Parent must be onsite to sign

Registration Report
	Organized the same as the state's database
	Attached is the form we have to enter.

	Add the age of the student next to the date of birth
		if less than 18 --> bold or highlight or something.

	Race Codes
		The race codes used are from the federal government.
		Probably should use race codes from the MREP database.

Registration Confirmation
	The participant will have the opportunity to confirm their registration details on the registration confirmation screen
	This will not affect whether the person is registered for the class or whether they can take the class
	It is intended to be another form of data validation for the stakeholders and the participant
	
	A simple icon click will confirm the participants information as being correct
	If the participant does not confirm their information
		The class registrar should be able to communicate with the participant to validate the information	
			The registrar will be able to confirm the information from the class roster
				If the status is a thumbs down symbol, then information can be confirmed
					Click on the icon to confirm
				If the status is a thumbs up symbol, the information has been confirmed
				
Registration Export
	Purpose:
		To export participant data to a CSV file and import it into the state of TN database.
		A button click is required to execute the export process.
	
	Procedure:
		From the admin section - on the registrations screen.
			Click on the number of registrations for the class to retreive the class roster
			There are 3 buttons (View, Print, Export) - click the export button
				A csv file will be saved with the registration number as the filename - 1234567.csv
	State Data Elements Not Captured
		Nickname
		Contact Type (this may always be student - as the example file provided)
		T Shirt Size
		Licensing Instructor Number
		Social Security Number
		MSF Number
		Owner
	State Data Elements Being Captured
		First Name
		Middle Name
		Last Name
		Suffix
		Phone
		Gender
		Date of Birth
		Race
		Email
		Street 1
		Street 2
		City
		State
		ZIP
		Driver License State
		Driver License Number		